Today's Agenda
---------------
Agile
---------------
Why should we learn a programming language?
		To Develop the softwares

What is a meant by project?
		A project nothing but a software. 
		or
		It is an application/tool for an entity or org. 
----------------

Steps to develop a project

What is ur project?
	Concept has to explained

	Existing System and it's limitaions
			Current process of the org
				and it's limitations
	Proposed System and it's features
			What is ur expectations and features

Modules of the project
	An entire project will be divided into some parts. Each part is called as a module. 

	Ex:- 
		School Management System
			Students Module
			Employees Module
			Library Module

				Tasks will be identified for every module

System Design
	Here we have to prepare a document for complete project analysis. 
			a.  input's of the project
			b.  output's of the project
			c.  these input's/output's will be represented in the form of diagrams.
					UML(Unified Modelling Language) Diagrams
			d.  Database Tables where data has to be stored.

Hardware and Software Requirements

	Software Requirements
			OS		:-   Windows/Linux/...
			Prog Lang	:-   Java/Dotnet/Python/....
			Database	:-   MySQL/SQL Server/Oracle/....

	Hardware  Requirements
			Processor
			Disk
			Memory

Coding
	Development will be started

Testing
	Once Development completed, that has to be tested. 

Deployment 
	Implementing a software in client location.
-----------------------------------
Software Development Life Cycle(SDLC)
	The purpose of the SDLC is to generate a large system that satisifies customer expectations, 
	performs effectively and efficiently in current and projected information technology and is 		maintainance economically and should provide to enhance. 

Here SDLC provides collection of methodologies/Models, with the help of these, application development process will be followed in a software companies. 


For any application development there some steps as follows

1.  Planning
	The first is duration of the developmet project included. 
	The Second is  design, development, deployment, production, launch .... 
2.  Defining
	It Defines the logical framework of each module as well as interface used to connect with it.

3.  Designing
	Depends on the requirement, input's and output's and diagram's of the project will be prepared
	finalizing the hardware and software requirements
4.  Building
	Coding
5.  Testing
	Test the application
6.  Deployment
	Implementation


SDLC Models
	Waterfall Model
	V Model
	Incremental Model
	RAD Model
	Iterative Model
	Spiral Model
	Agile Model
--------------------
Waterfall Model:-

	The waterfall model is a cascade  SDLC Model tht includes gradual execution of phases.
	This model is a breakdown of the project activeties into linear sequential phases. 
	Each Phase depends on the deliverables of the previous phase. 

	In general way, it can be call it as TOP - BOTTOM APPROACH. 
V Model

This model is an expansion of Classic Waterfall Model.
This mdoel is associated with Teting Stage  of every development stage. 
It is a very strict model and the next stage is started only after the previous phase is done. 

Incremental Model :- 

This model is a process of distributes requirements into multiple stand-alone modules during the developemnt. 

For every module all the steps has to be repeated. 
 
RAD Model :-  RAD : Rapid Application Development
		
		Adoptive Software Development is also called RAD. 

		It is a concept that states that by gathering  needs through workshops or other resources and developing a proto type then that will be demonstrated to the relavent clients. 
if any clients accepts, that will be enhanced and given to that client.


Iterative Model

this model is occured whenever want't review the entire project and allows to perform some modifications. 

Before deploying, it will work, i.e. from Testing phase to Requirement Analysis Phase. 

Spiral Model

	It is an hybrid of the iterative and WaterFall model with strong focus on risk assessment. 
---------------------------------
Agile Model:- 

	It is a process that allows a team more  efficiently manages a project by breaking it down into several stages. Each of which allows for consistant , colabartion with clients to promoto improvements in every stage. 

there are 12 rules in Agile

1.  Customer Satisfaction
2.  Early and contionus delivery
3.  Frequent Delivery
4.  Collaboration of businesses and developers
5.  Motivated indivisuals
6.  Face-to-Face conversation
7.  Functional Products
8.  Technical Excellence
9.  Simplicity
10. Self-Organised Teams
11. Regulation, reflection and adjustments
12. Embrace change

Agile Methodology:-

It is a type of project management process, mainly used for softwre development, where demands and solutions evolve trough collaborative team.

Scrum:-

It is a subset of Agile. It is a lightweight process of framework for agile and most widely used one. 

Scrum :-  A process/It is a method of agile.

Life cycle of Scrum:- 

Sprint
Release
Sprint Review
Sprint Restrospective
Product Backlogs
Sprint Backlogs

Ex:-		
School Management System
	Students Module
		a.  New Student Adding/Modify/Delete/Search
		b.  Adding Marks of exams
		c.  Adding Fees particulars
		d.  Preparing Marksheets
		e.  Adding Attendance Details
	Employees Module
		a.  Add new Employee Details and  Modify
		b.  Add Job Details and Salary Details
	Library Module
		a.  Add/Modify/Delete/Search Books
		b.  Issued Books Details
		c.  Members of Library Details

Product Backlog:- 
	According to the project, whatever tasks are identified, those all tasks called as product backlog.

Sprint
	It is a duration of one month or less. A new sprint starts once existing sprint is completed.
		usually a sprint having 2 weeks of time. Sprint always having short term goal. 

Sprint  Backlog :- 
	It is a process of how many backlogs are developing in a sprint. 

Release :-  It is a time to complete a sprint/a product.

Sprint Review :- 
It the product still have some pending backlogs, then it will be checked. 

Sprint Restrospective
	in this stage  quality or statuss of the product/spring is checked.
----------------------
3 sprints are exist

Sprint - 1:- what are the releases
 		a.  New Student Adding/Modify/Delete/Search
		b.  Adding Marks of exams
		c.  Adding Fees particulars
	
Sprint - 2:- what are the releases
		d.  Preparing Marksheets
		e.  Adding Attendance Details	
		a.  Add new Employee Details and  Modify
Sprint - 3:- what are the releases
		b.  Add Job Details and Salary Details
		a.  Add/Modify/Delete/Search Books
		b.  Issued Books Details
		c.  Members of Library Details  
-----------------------
Scrum Master
	The person is reponsiable for making sure the team as prdocutive as possiable. He is also responsiable for conducting meetings/getting the status of the Sprint/helping to team members if they are facing any issues. 

Role of Test Engineer in Scrum Team

1.  Attend sprint planning meetings
2.  Attend daily stand-ups
3.  Meet with developers for short-hand-off demonstrations
4.  Once testing is completed, Test Report has to send to development team.
-------------
Working with Agile Process is "JIRA" Tool. 
